samples: cellular: nrf_cloud_multi_service: renamed Wi-Fi overlays (#16959)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_multi_service/README.rst

> 

Reviewer: Can't quite hit the right line, but just noticed that the section title needs to drop the device reference as well.

> An overlay for this is only provided for the nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overlay for this is provided for the nRF7002 DK, and the nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield attached.
```

This overlay also enables the :ref:`TLS Credentials Shell <zephyr:tls_credentials_shell>` for run-time credential installation.

> If you are certain you understand the risks, you can configure your build to use Wi-Fi connectivity on the nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield by using the ``--board nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns`` target and the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002ek``, ``-DSB_CONF_FILE=sysbuild_nrf700x-wifi-conn.conf``, and ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay_nrf700x_wifi_mqtt_no_lte.conf`` options.

Reviewer 2: The documentation should instruct the use of nrf7002dk as well in addition to nrf5340dk+nrf7002ek combination if nrf7002dk support was the motivation for this PR.

Reviewer: Good point.
```suggestion
If you are certain you understand the risks, you can configure your build to use Wi-Fi connectivity using the ``-DSB_CONF_FILE=sysbuild_nrf700x-wifi-conn.conf`` and ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay_nrf700x_wifi_mqtt_no_lte.conf`` options.
On the nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield, you need to also use the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002ek`` option.
```
I think we can leave out the target from this part since only one target is supported for each device option.

For Line 840, "a device with" needs to be replaced with "an nRF5340 DK with the nRF7002 EK shield and"

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

>                west build --board nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns -p always -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay_nrf700x_wifi_mqtt_no_lte.conf -DSB_CONF_FILE=sysbuild_nrf700x-wifi-conn.conf -DCONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_COMPILE_TIME=y -DCONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID=\"698d4c11-0ccc-4f04-89cd-6882724e3f6f\"

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see the build command for nrf7002dk as well.
